As A user you should be able to....:
1.As A user you should be able to access the course description
2. As A user you should be able to See the pre-reqs for the course
3. As A user you should be able to See Exclusions for the following course
4. As A user you should be able to access to Syllabus of the course
5. As A user you should be able to See the weightage of all the assessments of the course
6. As A user you should be able to Have access to the Instructor information.
7. As A user you should be able to have access to the faculty of computer science website
8. As A user you should be able to See when the lectures are and what time they are occuring.
9. As A user you should be able to You should be able to see tutorial times and where they occur 
10. As A user you should be able to You will have access to the authors of the website
11. As A user you should be able to you will have access the google calender. In this calender you will be able to see assignment due dates , quiz due dates and on this calender you will have access to lec and tut timings
12. As A user you should be able to You will have access to the class disscussion board which is on the piazza platform
13. As A user you should be able to You should have access to the lecture slides and additional handouts
14. As A user you should be able to You should have access to the tutorial material along with solutions
15. As A user you should be able to you will be informed that tutorials start date and that tutorials will not start from week 1
16. As A user you should be able to you will be able to access all due dates and assignment hand out material
17. As A user you should be able to you will have access to when the tests are and the weighttage of the test along with the dates to the tests.
18. As A user you should be able to You will have  access to resources in which The authors have provided reccomneded textbooks and pdfs to learn css, html and javascript
19. As A user you should be able to give feed back to the course Instructor
20. As A user you should be able to ask any question or concerns will be able to given in to Instructor in feedback category.